********************************************************************************
What's new in trunk

11/01. CLEANUP: 1.0.9 RC1.

10/26-2017. CLEANUP: merge from rel-1-0 branch.

********************************************************************************
What's new in this branches for 1.0.6 (2010/09 ~ 2010/12/01)

12/24. BUGFIXING#?: mPushToolItem: check and radio item didnot
work(dongjunjie)
	* M       src/pieces/mabstractbuttonpiece.c
	* M       src/pieces/mlinelayoutpiece.c
	* M       src/mtoolitem.c

12/20. BUGFIXING#?: fixed the bug of script configure.in in test(dongjunjie)
	* M       autogen.sh
	* M       configure.in

12/13. CLEANUP #?: Remove test/* from configure.in and Makefile.am
	* configure.in
	* Makefile.am
	* test/configure.in
	* test/Makefile.am
	* test/databinding/Makefile.am
	* test/datasource/Makefile.am
	* test/imetest/Makefile.am

12/02. MERGE : from rel-1-0 and rel-1-0-6 to trunk(dongjunjie)
	* M       test/datasource/MiniGUI.cfg
	* M       test/datasource/src/datasource_main.c
	* M       test/datasource/src/selectdlg.c
	* M       test/datasource/src/open_ds.c
	* M       test/datasource/src/datasource.c
	* M       test/radiogroup.c
	* M       test/button.c
	* M       test/resdump.c
	* M       test/databinding/MiniGUI.cfg
	* M       test/databinding/src/main.c
	* M       test/databinding/src/databinding_main.c
	* M       test/name2value.c
	* M       test/list.c
	* M       test/mledit.c
	* M       test/sledit.c
	* M       test/list_group.c
	* M       test/imetest/src/imetest_main.c
	* M       test/imetest/src/mobile-ime.c
	* M       test/imetest/src/ime-view.c
	* M       test/imetest/src/imetest.c
	* M       test/imetest/res/res.project
	* M       test/textedit.c
	* M       include/mwidget.h
	* M       include/mitemview.h
	* M       include/mbmparrayanimateframes.h
	* M       include/manimateframes.h
	* M       include/manimate.h
	* M       include/mlistbox.h
	* M       include/mnode.h
	* M       include/medit.h
	* M       include/mtexteditbase.h
	* M       include/mrdr.h
	* M       include/pieces/mlabelpiece.h
	* M       include/pieces/msimplelistpiece.h
	* M       include/pieces/mhotpiece.h
	* M       include/pieces/manimatepiece.h
	* M       include/pieces/msliderpiece.h
	* M       include/pieces/piece-id.h
	* M       include/pieces/Makefile.am
	* M       include/mobject.h
	* M       include/mmemanimateframes.h
	* M       include/mresmgr.h
	* M       include/mgifanimateframes.h
	* M       include/piece.h
	* M       include/mlist.h
	* M       include/msledit.h
	* M       include/mcommon.h
	* M       include/mlistcolumn.h
	* M       include/mgncs.h
	* M       include/mtextedit.h
	* M       include/mlistview.h
	* M       include/Makefile.am
	* M       configure.in
	* M       src/mspinbox.c
	* M       src/mwidget.c
	* M       src/miconview.c
	* M       src/mime-wordsel.c
	* M       src/mitemview.c
	* M       src/datasource/mxmlds.c
	* M       src/datasource/minids.c
	* M       src/datasource/str_expression.c
	* M       src/datasource/Makefile.am
	* M       src/mmenubutton.c
	* M       src/mscroll_widget.c
	* M       src/mradionode.c
	* M       src/renderer/classic/classic_boxpieces.c
	* M       src/renderer/classic/Makefile.am
	* M       src/renderer/skin/skin.c
	* M       src/renderer/skin/skin_boxpieces.c
	* M       src/renderer/skin/Makefile.am
	* M       src/renderer/flat/flat_boxpieces.c
	* M       src/renderer/flat/Makefile.am
	* M       src/renderer/fashion/fashion_common.c
	* M       src/renderer/fashion/Makefile.am
	* M       src/renderer/fashion/fashion_boxpieces.c
	* M       src/renderer/Makefile.am
	* M       src/mcombobox.c
	* M       src/mbmparrayanimateframes.c
	* M       src/ime/mpti-ime.c
	* M       src/ime/charset-convert.c
	* M       src/ime/mime.c
	* M       src/ime/pinyin-dict.c
	* M       src/ime/Makefile.am
	* M       src/ime/digit_ime.c
	* M       src/ime/mpinyin-ime.c
	* M       src/manimate.c
	* M       src/mresmanager.c
	* M       src/mlistbox.c
	* M       src/minvisible-component.c
	* M       src/mnode.c
	* M       src/medit.c
	* M       src/mrdr.c
	* M       src/mbuttongroup.c
	* M       src/mtrackbar.c
	* M       src/mdatabinding.c
	* M       src/mobject.c
	* M       src/pieces/mspinnerpiece.c
	* M       src/pieces/mlabelpiece.c
	* M       src/pieces/piece-event.c
	* M       src/pieces/msimplelistpiece.c
	* M       src/pieces/mledstaticpiece.c
	* M       src/pieces/manimatepiece.c
	* M       src/pieces/msliderpiece.c
	* M       src/pieces/mboxlayoutpiece.c
	* M       src/pieces/mgridboxpiece.c
	* M       src/pieces/mprogresspiece.c
	* M       src/pieces/Makefile.am
	* M       src/mmemanimateframes.c
	* M       src/mcontainer.c
	* M       src/mctrls.c
	* M       src/mlistitem.c
	* M       src/mtoolitem.c
	* M       src/mbtree.c
	* M       src/mgifanimateframes.c
	* M       src/mcomponent.c
	* M       src/mlist.c
	* M       src/mem-slab.c
	* M       src/mslider.c
	* M       src/mchecknode.c
	* M       src/uthash.h
	* M       src/msledit.c
	* M       src/mitem_manager.c
	_(NCSS_TE_BASELINE),
	* M       src/mtextedit.c
	* M       src/mmainwnd.c
	* M       src/mlistview.c
	* M       src/mlist_layout.c
	* M       src/mbutton.c
	* M       src/Makefile.am
	* M       ChangeLog
	* M       build/buildlib-linux-pc-mstudio
	* M       samples/src/listview.c
	* M       samples/src/propsheet.c
	* M       samples/src/iconview.c
	* M       samples/src/listbox.c
	* M       samples/src/scrollview.c
	* M       samples/src/container.c
	* M       Makefile.am


11/30. BUGFIXING #?: Fixed the compiling question in vxworks.(xwyan)
	* src/datasource/minids.c
	* include/mcommon.h

11/24. BUGFIXING #5307: assert resource id whether is valid or not.(xwyan)
	* src/mresmanager.c

11/23. ENHANCEMENT #?: Add the support for makefile.ng compiling.(xwyan)
	* (Add) build/rules-mipse.vxworks
	* (Add) include/pieces/makefile.ng
	* (Add) include/makefile.ng
	* (Add) src/datasource/makefile.ng
	* (Add) src/renderer/makefile.ng
	* (Add) src/renderer/classic/makefile.ng
	* (Add) src/renderer/skin/makefile.ng
	* (Add) src/renderer/flat/makefile.ng
	* (Add) src/renderer/fashion/makefile.ng
	* (Add) src/ime/makefile.ng
	* (Add) src/makefile.ng
	* (Add) src/pieces/makefile.ng
	* include/pieces/Makefile.am
	* include/Makefile.am
	* src/datasource/Makefile.am
	* src/renderer/classic/Makefile.am
	* src/renderer/skin/Makefile.am
	* src/renderer/flat/Makefile.am
	* src/renderer/fashion/Makefile.am
	* src/renderer/Makefile.am
	* src/ime/Makefile.am
	* src/pieces/Makefile.am
	* src/Makefile.am

11/22. BUGFIXING #?, Merge the texteditor from minigui, and fixed the bug 
of enableCaret(dongjunjie)
	* src/mtextedit.c
	* include/mtextedit.h

11/18. BUGFIXING #5312: Fixed the bug of mButtonGroup(dongjunjie)
	* src/mbuttongroup.c

11/11. ENHANCEMENT #?: Add default process for MSG_CLOSE.(xwyan)
	* src/mmainwnd.c

11/11. BUGFIXING #?: Fixed some bugs by initializing some global variables.(xwyan)
	* src/mwidget.c
	* src/mctrls.c
	* src/mcomponent.c
	* src/pieces/piece-event.c
	* src/mdatabinding.c
	* src/renderer/fashion/fashion_common.c

11/11. BUGFIXING #5285, Fixed the bug of iconview(dongjunjie)
	* src/miconview.c

11/09. BUGFIXING #?, Remove warnings(dongjunjie)
	* M       src/mscroll_widget.c
	* M       src/manimate.c
	* M       src/medit.c
	* M       src/mtextedit.c
	* M       src/mlistview.c
	* M       src/mbutton.c


11/09. BUGFIXING #5263, Fixed the bug of mcombobox, set renderer info(dongjunjie)
	* src/mwidget.c

11/09. BUGFIXING #?, Fixed the bug of monthcalder paint(dongjunjie)
	* M       src/renderer/classic/classic_boxpieces.c
	* M       src/renderer/skin/skin_boxpieces.c
	* M       src/renderer/flat/flat_boxpieces.c
	* M       src/renderer/fashion/fashion_boxpieces.c
	* M       src/pieces/mgridboxpiece.c


11/08. BUGFIXING #?, Fixed the bug of ncsSkinDraw, get_sub_bitmap didnot save
the alpha masks (dongjunjie)
	* src/renderer/skin/skin.c

11/08. BUGFIXING #? , Fixed the bug in windows(dongjunjie)
	* src/msledit.c
	* src/mtextedit.c

11/5. BUGFIXING #5268, Fixed the bug of mTextEditor,
NCSP_TE_SCROLL_MODE(dongjunjie)
	* src/mtextedit.c

11/5. BUGFIXING #5263, Fixed the bug of mCombobox, which cannot set the sub
controls renderer(dongjunjie)
	* M       src/mwidget.c
	* M       src/mcombobox.c


11/5. BUGFIXING #5231, Fixed the radiobutton check(dongjunjie)
	* M       src/mbuttongroup.c
	* M       src/mbutton.c

11/5. BUGFIXING #5260,5257,5258,5259: fixed the refresh delay question in some setting
methods.(xwyan)
	* src/mlistview.c
	* include/mlistview.h
	* include/mlistcolumn.h
	* sample/src/listview.c

11/5. BUGFIXING #5230. Fixed the bug of mTextEditor, update the scrollmode
when call refresh method(dongjunjie)
	* M       include/mtexteditbase.h
	* M       include/mtextedit.h
	* M       src/mtextedit.c

11/4. BUGFIXING #? Fixed the bugs of animate. Remove the mMemAnimateFrames
class and reconstruct the mBmpArrayAnimateFrames; Add the mem_dc for mAnimate,
to implement the blink and transparent bugs(dongjunjie)
	* M       include/mbmparrayanimateframes.h
	* M       include/manimate.h
	* M       include/pieces/manimatepiece.h
	* M       include/mmemanimateframes.h
	* M       include/piece.h
	* M       include/Makefile.am
	* M       src/mbmparrayanimateframes.c
	* M       src/manimate.c
	* M       src/pieces/manimatepiece.c
	* M       src/mmemanimateframes.c
	* M       src/mctrls.c
	* M       src/mgifanimateframes.c
	* M       src/Makefile.am


11/4. BUGFIXING #5089 fixed the bug of animate(dongjunjie)
	* M       include/manimateframes.h
	* M       src/mbmparrayanimateframes.c
	* M       src/pieces/manimatepiece.c
	* M       src/mmemanimateframes.c
	* M       src/mgifanimateframes.c

11/4. BUGFIXING #5229 fixed the bug of TextEditor default style did match with
guibuilder(dongjunjie)
	* src/mctrls.c

11/3. BUGFIXING #5134 fixed the bug of makevisible(dongjunjie)
	* src/msledit.c

11/1. BUGFIXING #5214 fixed the bug of mListView, memory leak(dongjunjie)
	* M       src/mitemview.c
	* M       src/mlistitem.c
	* M       src/mitem_manager.c

11/01. BUGFIXING #5215: Fixed the bug in mGIFAnimateFrames, cause the
crash(dongjunjie)
	* src/mgifanimateframes.c

10/29. BUGFIXING #5168, 5170 : Fixed the bug of mtexteditor. scrollbar and
letter case(dongjunjie)
	* M       include/mtexteditbase.h
	* M       include/mtextedit.h
	* M       src/mtextedit.c

10/28. BUGFIXING #5203: Fixed the refresh question when setMargin for
scrollwidget series control.(xwyan)
	* src/mscroll_widget.c

10/28. BUGFIXING #5167 Fixed the error of msledit, delete the function
check_valid_passwd(dongjunjie)
	* src/msledit.c

10/28. BUGFIXING #: fixed the error process for NCSP_WIDGET_TEXT in
combobox.(xwyan)
	* src/mcombobox.c


10/27. BUGFIXING #5192 fixed the bug of medit, didn't process the double dc
for event handlers(dongjunjie)
	* M       src/mwidget.c
	* M       src/medit.c

10/27. BUGFIXING #5190 fixed the trackbar (dongjunjie)
	* M       include/pieces/msliderpiece.h
	* M       src/renderer/classic/classic_boxpieces.c
	* M       src/renderer/skin/skin_boxpieces.c
	* M       src/renderer/flat/flat_boxpieces.c
	* M       src/renderer/fashion/fashion_boxpieces.c
	* M       src/mtrackbar.c
	* M       src/pieces/msliderpiece.c


10/27. BUGFIXING #5180 fixed the anmiation bug(dongjunjie)
	* M       include/manimate.h
	* M       include/mgifanimateframes.h
	* M       ChangeLog
	* M       src/mbmparrayanimateframes.c
	* M       src/manimate.c
	* M       src/pieces/manimatepiece.c
	* M       src/mgifanimateframes.c


10/25. BUGFIXING #4868 fixed the msledit and combobox didnot support the
SetWindowFont(dongjunjie)
	* M       include/medit.h
	* M       src/mcombobox.c
	* M       src/msledit.c

10/22. BUGFIXING #?: enable the mSlEdit can accept a NULL value of
tooltip(dongjunjie)
	* src/msledit.c

10/22. BUGFIXING #5114 : menubutton getProperty of ImagePercent(dongjunjie)
	* src/mmenubutton.c

10/18. BUGFIXING #?: Marge the texteditor from minigui, and remove the
warnings(dongjunjie)
	* M       test/name2value.c
	* M       src/mime-wordsel.c
	* M       src/mbuttongroup.c
	* M       src/mtextedit.c

10/16. BUGFIXING #5120: Rename NCSN_LSTBOX_SELCANCEL to NCSN_LSTBOX_CMCANCEL.
(xwyan)
	* src/mlistbox.c

10/15. BUGFIXING #5134: Fixed the bug of makevisible of mSlEdit(dongjunjie)
	* src/msledit.c

10/15. BUGFIXING #5097: Fixed painting error in progressbar.(xwyan)
	* src/renderer/classic/classic_boxpieces.c
	* src/renderer/flat/flat_boxpieces.c
	* src/renderer/fashion/fashion_boxpieces.c
	* src/renderer/skin/skin_boxpieces.c

10/15. BUGFIXING #5126: Set Property NCSP_EDIT_LIMITTEXT failed when the value
is -1(dongjunjie)
	* src/msledit.c

10/15. BUGFIXING #5143: Add MSG_RBUTTONDOWN and MSG_RBUTTONUP support in
itemview.(xwyan)
	* src/mitemview.c
	* src/mlistview.c

10/14. BUGFIXING #5142: Add error output information in
ncsCreateMainWindowIndirectFromID and ncsCreateModalDialogFromID.(xwyan)
	* src/mresmanager.c

10/14. BUGFIXING #5114: mMenuButton should pass the property of
NCSP_BUTTON_IMAGE_SIZE to the content of mPushButtonPiece(dongjunjie)
	* src/mmenubutton.c

10/14. BUGFIXING #5108: fixed bug of mTextEditor, set property
NCSP_TE_READONLY didnot return TRUE(dongjunjie)
	* src/mtextedit.c

10/13. BUGFIXING #5103: fixed the bug of mButtonGroup.addButton(dongjunjie)
	* M       src/mbuttongroup.c
	* M       src/mbutton.c

10/13. BUGFIXING #5087: fixed the bug of sledit'marign(dongjunjie)
	* src/msledit.c

10/13. BUGFIXING #5084: fixed the bug of animate. and fixed the bug of animate
didnot support Align and VAlign properties(dongjunjie)
	* M       include/manimateframes.h
	* M       include/pieces/manimatepiece.h
	* M       include/mgifanimateframes.h
	* M       src/mbmparrayanimateframes.c
	* M       src/manimate.c
	* M       src/pieces/manimatepiece.c
	* M       src/mgifanimateframes.c

10/13. BUGFIXING #5132: Set default selected item in GUIBuilder.(xwyan)
	* src/mcombobox.c

10/13. BUGFIXING #5105: Hit checkbox error in listbox with NCSS_LSTBOX_CHECKBOX.(xwyan)
	* src/mlistbox.c

10/13. BUGFIXING #5102: Add the support for negative linestep value in spinbox.(xwyan)
	* src/pieces/mspinnerpiece.c

10/13. BUGFIXING #5095: Don't accept 0 value for linestep, pagestep in
scrollbar, progressbar, spinbox.(xwyan)
	* src/pieces/mspinnerpiece.c
	* src/pieces/msliderpiece.c
	* src/pieces/mprogresspiece.c

10/13. BUGFIXING #5094: Tunning the processing policy for invalid property
value setting.(xwyan)
	* src/pieces/mprogresspiece.c

10/12. BUGFIXING #5082: fixed the spinbox control for guibuilder(dongjunjie)
	* M       src/mspinbox.c
	* M       src/pieces/mspinnerpiece.c


10/12. BUGFIXING #5076: Fix the bug of IMWordSel(dongjunjie)
	* M       include/pieces/mlabelpiece.h
	* M       include/pieces/msimplelistpiece.h
	* M       include/pieces/piece-id.h
	* M       src/mime-wordsel.c
	* M       src/pieces/mlabelpiece.c
	* M       src/pieces/msimplelistpiece.c


10/11. BUGFIXING #4921: Fixed the definition error of NCS_CB_ONSCROLL.(xwyan)
	* include/mwidget.h
	* src/mwidget.c

10/09. BUGFIXING #5092: Register page control with WS_VSCROLL and WS_HSCROLL
style.(xwyan)
	* src/mctrls.c

10/09. BUGFIXED #? 5048 Add the NCSS_TE_AUTOHSCROLL and NCSS_TE_AUTOVSCROLL
(as ES_AUTOHSCROLL and ES_AUTOVSCROLL in minigui), and change the implement of
NCSP_TE_SCROLLMODE property(dongjunjie)
	* M       include/mtextedit.h
	* M       src/mtextedit.c


10/09. BUGFIXED #4998 Add the NCSS_EX_UNNEEDIME flags for texteditor, and add
the name of mpti ime "abc*"(dongunjie)
	* M       include/mwidget.h
	* M       include/medit.h
	* M       include/mrdr.h
	* M       src/ime/mpti-ime.c
	* M       src/mrdr.c
	* M       src/mtextedit.c


10/09. Enhancement #? Move the mtextedit.[ch], mtexteditbase.h from
minigui, and fixed the version of mgncs(dongjunjie)
	* include/mtextedit.h
	* include/mtexteditbase.h
	* src/mtextedit.c
	* configure.in

09/30. BUGFIXED #5005 Add the implement of mIMWordSel's methods (dongjunjie)
	* src/mime-wordsel.c

09/27. BUGFIXED #5056 remove the slider piece 's event when the minpos is equal
maxpos(dongunjie)
	* src/pieces/msliderpiece.c

09/27. BUGFIXED #4943 mSlEdit calculate the caret pos use the the content
text. Should use the password char to calculate the caret pos, because the
width of charactors are diffirent from each other.(dongunjie)
	* src/msledit.c

09/07. Enhancement #? Add the cmake script for mgncs, and fixed some code for
cmake(dongjunjie)
	* A       test/CMakeLists.txt
	* A       cmake
	* A       cmake/common.cmake
	* A       src/datasource/CMakeLists.txt
	* A       src/renderer/classic/CMakeLists.txt
	* A       src/renderer/skin/CMakeLists.txt
	* A       src/renderer/flat/CMakeLists.txt
	* A       src/renderer/fashion/CMakeLists.txt
	* A       src/ime/CMakeLists.txt
	* A       src/pieces/CMakeLists.txt
	* A       src/CMakeLists.txt
	* A       cmake_mgncsconfig.h.in
	* A       CMakeLists.txt
	* A       mgncs.pc.in
	* M       test/mledit.c
	* M       include/mgncs.h
	* M       src/datasource/str_expression.c
	* M       src/mctrls.c



11/20. ENHANCEMENT #?: Add a variable `parent'(mHotPiece *) to mHotPiece.
(wanzheng)
	* include/pieces/mhotpiece.h

11/20. CLEANUP #1: Resolve compiling issues. (wanzheng)
	* M include/medit.h
	* M configure.in
	* M src/datasource/mxmlds.c
	* D acinclude.m4

09/21. ENHANCEMENT #? Add Load The User Defined Renderer Elements:change the 
rdr_hash_table from an array to a link list ; Add the API
ncsLoadRdrElementsFromEtcFile and ncsLoadRdrElementsFromEtcHandle(dongjunjie)
	* src/mrdr.c
	* include/mrdr.h

09/10. BUGFIXING #?: fixed a bug for wndProc function in mlist.c (wangjian)
	* M       src/mlist.c

07/20. Enhancement #? merge the texteditor form minigui. (just copy mbtree.h,
mbtree.c mtexteditbase.h mtextedit.h mtextedit.c. minigui and ncs can use the
same codes)
	* M       include/mwidget.h
	* M       include/mtexteditbase.h
	* M       include/mobject.h
	* M       include/mbtree.h
	* M       include/mtextedit.h
	* M       ChangeLog
	* M       src/ime/mgpti_dict.c
	* M       src/mbtree.c
	* M       src/mtextedit.c


07/02. Enhancement #? add the tools for translate marcos _M, _IM, _SUPER, 
NEWV. (dongjunjie)
	* A         tools
	* A         tools/vaargs_trans
	* A         tools/vaargs_trans/trans.sh
	* A         tools/vaargs_trans/test.c
	* A         tools/vaargs_trans/trans.l
	* A         tools/vaargs_trans/Makefile
	* A         tools/vaargs_trans/README


06/09. BUGFIXING #?: merge from trunk (dongjunjie)
	* M       test/imetest/ReadMe
	* M       include/mime.h
	* M       configure.in
	* M       ChangeLog
	* M       src/datasource/minids.c
	* M       src/datasource/str_expression.c
	* M       src/mbmparrayanimateframes.c
	* M       src/ime/mime.c
	* M       src/ime/digit_ime.c
	* M       build/buildlib-linux-pc-mstudio
	* A       src/ime/charset-convert.c


06/09. BUGGIXING #? repleace or reimplement the function which is not support
in some platform: lstat, strndup, ftruncate
	* M       configure.in
	* M       src/datasource/minids.c
	* M       src/datasource/str_expression.c
	* M       src/mbmparrayanimateframes.c


06/09. BUGFIXING #? Use MiniGUI's MB2WC* and WC2MB* to finished the charset
convsert; and add configure option --enable-useiconv to open the iconv support
(dongjunjie)
	* M       test/imetest/ReadMe
	* M       include/mime.h
	* M       configure.in
	* M       src/ime/mime.c
	* M       src/ime/digit_ime.c
	* A       src/ime/charset-convert.c


05/28. BUGFIXING #4752: Can't refresh content pieces correctly in button and
checkbutton control.(xwyan)
	* src/mbutton.c
	* src/mcheckbutton.c

05/24. Fixed bug of Pinyin IME: maxDupSel member variable is used to limit the
count of words return to user. In mgncs's ime, it replace by mIMEIterator. del
the using of this variable (dongjunjie)
	* src/ime/pinyin-dict.c
	* src/ime/mpinyin-ime.c

05/21. Merge the bug fixed in the minigui/textedit/textedit.c (dongjunjie)
	* src/mtextedit.c

05/12. Fixed bug for button pushed, disable the auto-repeat-message in
abstract button piece for pushbutton. (wangjian)
	* M		include/pieces/mabstractbuttonpiece.h
	* M		src/pieces/mabstractbuttonpiece.c
	* M		src/mbutton.c

05/11. Merge node. the textedit from minigui, disable mledit by default
(dongjunjie)
	* A       test/textedit.c
	* A       include/mtexteditbase.h
	* A       include/mbtree.h
	* A       include/mtextedit.h
	* A       src/mbtree.c
	* A       src/mtextedit.c
	* M       test/Makefile.am
	* M       include/mobject.h
	* M       include/mgncs.h
	* M       include/Makefile.am
	* M       configure.in
	* M       ChangeLog
	* M       src/mmledit.c
	* M       src/mctrls.c
	* M       src/Makefile.am


05/11. Merge node, list and list layout implementation to trunk.(xwyan)
	* include/mabstractlist.h
	* include/mchecknode.h
	* include/mlist.h
	* include/mlist_layout.h
	* include/mnode.h
	* include/mradionode.h
	* 
	* src/mabstractlist.c
	* src/mchecknode.c
	* src/mlist.c
	* src/mlist_layout.c
	* src/mnode.c
	* src/mradionode.c
	* 
	* test/listfolder.png
	* test/list.c
	* test/list_group.c
	* include/mgncs.h
	* include/Makefile.am
	* src/mctrls.c
	* src/Makefile.am
	* test/Makefile.am
	* Makefile.am


04/07. Enhancement Add Macro NCSR_CONTINUE_MSG, NCSR_STOP_MSG to replace TRUE
and FALSE at widget's event callback
	* src/mwidget.h

03/19. Enhancement Add Interface support and multi construct params support
	* src/mobject.c
	* include/mobject.h

02/09. Fixed#? mMlEdit class miss RELEASEDC when processing MSG_FONTCHANGED
	* src/mmledit.c

02/08. Fixed# 4505 4506 memory leak when exit(dongjunjie)
	* src/mrect.c
	* src/renderer/fashion/fashion_common.c
	* src/pieces/mimagelabelpiece.c

02/07. Fixed# 4502 ini datasource crash(dongjunjie)
	* src/datasource/minids.c

02/04. Fixed# 4468 ini datasource deleteRecord don't work(dongjunjie)
	* src/datasource/minids.c

02/04. Fixed# 4466 text datasource newRecord cause crash (dongjunjie)
	* src/datasource/mtextds.c

01/27. Fixed# 4419 listview onClicked event occurs two times each
one click action.(xwyan)
	* src/mlistview.c

12/30. Fixed# 4288 fixed the minids: update (dongjunjie)
	* src/datasource/minids.c

12/29. Fixed# 4327 fixed spelting error: SIGNALE->SINGLE (dongjunjie)
	* include/mdatabinding.h
	* samples/src/spinner.c

12/29: Fixed# 4285 mTextDataSource cannot del the record.(dongjunjie)
	* src/datasource/mtextds.c
	* src/datasource/mtextds.h

12/29: Fixed Bug of mTextDataSource : don't stop when found the end of a filed(bug 4281) dongjunjie
	* src/datasource/mtextds.c	

12/28: Add NCSS_EX_UNNEEDIME for edit control, and fixed a bug of pinyin(dongjunjie)
	M       include/medit.h
	M       include/mime.h
	M       src/ime/mpinyin-ime.c
	M       src/medit.c


12/25: Fixed the bug of mginit (hejia)
      M      include/mime.h
	  M      ChangeLog
	  M      src/ime/mpti-ime.c
	  M      src/ime/mime.c
	  M      src/ime/digit_ime.c


12/25: Add the IME Test(dongjunjie)
	M       test/Makefile.am
	M       configure.in
	M       src/ime/mime.c
	A       test/imetest
	A       test/imetest/include
	A       test/imetest/include/ncs-window-types.h
	A       test/imetest/include/ncs-windows.h
	A       test/imetest/include/mobile-ime.h
	A       test/imetest/include/resource.h
	A       test/imetest/.project
	A       test/imetest/src
	A       test/imetest/src/imetest_main.c
	A       test/imetest/src/mobile-ime.c
	A       test/imetest/src/ime-view.c
	A       test/imetest/src/imetest.c
	A       test/imetest/.cproject
	A       test/imetest/res
	A       test/imetest/res/image
	A       test/imetest/res/text
	A       test/imetest/res/text/text-config.xml
	A       test/imetest/res/text/en_US.txt
	A       test/imetest/res/text/id.xml
	A       test/imetest/res/renderer
	A       test/imetest/res/renderer/rdr.xml
	A       test/imetest/res/ui
	A       test/imetest/res/ui/ime-view.xml
	A       test/imetest/res/ui/imetest.xml
	A       test/imetest/res/ui/id.xml
	A       test/imetest/res/res.project
	A       test/imetest/Makefile.am
	A       test/imetest/ReadMe


12/25: Add the IME support
	A       include/mime-wordsel.h
	A       include/pieces/msimplelistpiece.h
	A       include/mime.h
	A       src/mime-wordsel.c
	A       src/ime
	A       src/ime/mpti-ime.c
	A       src/ime/mgpti_dict.c
	A       src/ime/mime.c
	A       src/ime/pinyin-dict.c
	A       src/ime/Makefile.am
	A       src/ime/pinyin-idx.c
	A       src/ime/digit_ime.c
	A       src/ime/mpinyin-ime.c
	A       src/pieces/msimplelistpiece.c
	M       include/pieces/mlinelayoutpiece.h
	M       include/pieces/piece-id.h
	M       include/pieces/Makefile.am
	M       include/mcomponent.h
	M       include/piece.h
	M       include/mgncs.h
	M       include/Makefile.am
	M       configure.in
	M       src/mwidget.c
	M       src/pieces/piece.c
	M       src/pieces/mlinelayoutpiece.c
	M       src/pieces/Makefile.am
	M       src/mctrls.c
	M       src/Makefile.am



11/23: Fixed 4078 
	* src/pieces/piece-event.c

11/13: Fixed 4073 mMonthCalendar get the wrong index of grid when date is
2009/11, because the the 2009/11/1 is sunday
	* src/pieces/mdaygridpiece.c
	* src/pieces/mgridboxpiece.c

11/13: Fixed 4076 mCombobox setItem and removeItem didn't changed when user
call them
	* src/mcombobox.c

11/11: Reimplmement of led
	* src/pieces/mledstaticpiece.c

11/4: Add the file for mobile plateform (dongjunjie)
	* src/mcomponent.c
	* include/mcomponent.h
	* include/mregmgr.h
	* include/mmainwnd.h 
	* include/mgncs.h
	* include/mmainwnd.h
	* include/mdatabinding.h
	* include/Makefile.am
	* include/mobject.h
	* configure.in
	* ChangeLog
	* src/renderer/classic/classic_boxpieces.c
	* src/renderer/skin/skin_boxpieces.c
	* src/renderer/flat/flat_boxpieces.c
	* src/renderer/flat/flat_widget.c
	* src/renderer/fashion/fashion_boxpieces.c
	* src/mbmparrayanimateframes.c
	* src/mresmanager.c
	* src/minvisible-component.c
	* src/mobject.c
	* src/pieces/mcheckbuttonpiece.c
	* src/pieces/Makefile.am
	* src/mmemanimateframes.c
	* src/mgifanimateframes.c
	* src/mcomponent.c
	* src/mmainwnd.c

	Make the piece can be seen
	* include/pieces
	* include/pieces/mscrollthumbboxpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mradioboxpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mpushbuttonpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mvboxlayoutpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mlayoutpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mweekheadpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mspinnerpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mlabelpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mnumspinnedpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mspinboxpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mdownarrowpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mcontainerpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mdaygridpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mwidgetwrapperpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mbuttonboxpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mmonthpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mcheckboxpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mstaticpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mrightarrowpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mtrackbarpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mhotpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mhspinboxpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mlistspinnedpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mabstractbuttonpiece.h
	* include/pieces/piece.h
	* include/pieces/mleftarrowpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mvspinboxpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mcheckbuttonpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mtoolimgpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mledstaticpiece.h
	* include/pieces/manimatepiece.h
	* include/pieces/mimagepiece.h
	* include/pieces/msliderpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mimagelabelpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mscrollbarpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mlinelayoutpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mboxlayoutpiece.h
	* include/pieces/marrowbuttonpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mthumbboxpiece.h
	* include/pieces/marrowpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mradiobuttonpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mpairpiece.h
	* include/pieces/piece-id.h
	* include/pieces/mrectpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mgridboxpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mhboxlayoutpiece.h
	* include/pieces/muparrowpiece.h
	* include/pieces/Makefile.am
	* include/pieces/mseparatorpiece.h
	* include/pieces/mrenderablepiece.h
	* include/pieces/mprogresspiece.h

	Delete Files
	* src/pieces/mradioboxpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mscrollthumbboxpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mpushbuttonpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mlayoutpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mweekheadpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mdownarrowpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mspinboxpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mbuttonboxpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mwidgetwrapperpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mrightarrowpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mtrackbarpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mhspinboxpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mabstractbuttonpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mvspinboxpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mcheckbuttonpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mledstaticpiece.h
	* src/pieces/manimatepiece.h
	* src/pieces/mscrollbarpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mlinelayoutpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mboxlayoutpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mthumbboxpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mradiobuttonpiece.h
	* src/pieces/marrowpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mpairpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mhboxlayoutpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mseparatorpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mprogresspiece.h
	* src/pieces/mvboxlayoutpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mspinnerpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mlabelpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mnumspinnedpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mcontainerpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mdaygridpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mmonthpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mcheckboxpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mstaticpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mhotpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mlistspinnedpiece.h
	* src/pieces/piece.h
	* src/pieces/mleftarrowpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mtoolimgpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mimagepiece.h
	* src/pieces/mimagelabelpiece.h
	* src/pieces/msliderpiece.h
	* src/pieces/marrowbuttonpiece.h
	* src/pieces/piece-id.h
	* src/pieces/mrectpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mgridboxpiece.h
	* src/pieces/muparrowpiece.h
	* src/pieces/mrenderablepiece.h




08/28: BUGFIXED? bug of hash_delete and databiding, bug when free:(dongjunjie)
	* src/hash.c
	* src/mdatabinding.c
	* include/mdatabinding.h

08/28: BUGFIXED? LEDStatic: setProperty: color, width, height properties didnot
Invalidate when set sucessed; LEDStatic: No getProperty; LedstaticPiece: No
getProperty(dongjunjie(
	* src/mledstatic.c
	* src/piece/mledstaticpiece.c

08/27: Add DataBinding and DataSource support and set/getSpecial
interface(dongjunjie)
	* mtype: type define and type translation
			* include/mtype.h
			* src/mtype.c
	* databinding: support variable to component, component to component
	databiding
			* include/mdatabinding.h
			* src/mdatabinding.c
	* datasource: define the datasource interface and default datasource:
	static datasource, text datasource and ini file datasource
			* include/mdatasource.h
			* src/mdatasource.c
			* src/datasource
			* src/datasource/mstaticds.h
			* src/datasource/minids.c
			* src/datasource/comm_parser.c
			* src/datasource/str_expression.c
			* src/datasource/Makefile.am
			* src/datasource/mtextds.c
			* src/datasource/minids.h
			* src/datasource/mstaticds.c
			* src/datasource/comm_parser.h
			* src/datasource/mtextds.h
	* set/getSpecial interfance and datasource support interface(combobox,
	listbox, listview
			* include/mwidget.h
			* include/mrect.h
			* include/mcombobox.h
			* include/mmledit.h
			* include/mlistbox.h
			* include/msledit.h
			* include/mgncs.h
			* include/mreferencedobj.h
			* include/mlistview.h
			* include/Makefile.am
			* include/mobject.h
			* configure.in
			* src/mwidget.c
			* src/mrect.c
			* src/mcombobox.c
			* src/mlistbox.c
			* src/mreferencedobj.c
			* src/mobject.c
			* src/pieces/mrectpiece.c
			* src/pieces/mrectpiece.h
			* src/mctrls.c
			* src/msledit.c
			* src/mlistview.c
			* src/Makefile.am
	* test for databinding and datasource
			* test/bindtest.c
			* test/staticds.c
			* test/databinding
			* test/databinding/controls.ini
			* test/databinding/include
			* test/databinding/include/ncs-window-types.h
			* test/databinding/include/ncs-windows.h
			* test/databinding/include/resource.h
			* test/databinding/.project
			* test/databinding/Debug
			* test/databinding/Debug/objects.mk
			* test/databinding/Debug/src
			* test/databinding/Debug/src/subdir.mk
			* test/databinding/Debug/sources.mk
			* test/databinding/Debug/makefile
			* test/databinding/src
			* test/databinding/src/main.c
			* test/databinding/src/databinding_main.c
			* test/databinding/.cproject
			* test/databinding/res
			* test/databinding/res/image
			* test/databinding/res/text
			* test/databinding/res/text/text-config.xml
			* test/databinding/res/text/en_US.txt
			* test/databinding/res/text/id.xml
			* test/databinding/res/renderer
			* test/databinding/res/renderer/rdr.xml
			* test/databinding/res/databinding.res
			* test/databinding/res/ui
			* test/databinding/res/ui/main.xml
			* test/databinding/res/ui/id.xml
			* test/databinding/res/res.project
			* test/name2value.c
			* test/Makefile.am
			* test/trackbar.c




05/23: Add BkImage support for mwidget(dongjunjie)

04/20: Add mObject, mComponent, mInvsbComp, mTimer object (dongjunjie)
		* test/commrdrtest.c
		* test/rectangle.c
		* test/groupbox.c
		* test/combobox.c
		* test/test.template
		* test/propsheet.c
		* test/radiogroup.c
		* test/button.c
		* test/spinner.c
		* test/timer.c
		* test/image.c
		* test/spinbox.c
		* test/listbox.c
		* test/static.c
		* test/Makefile.am
		* test/progressbar.c
		* test/trackbar.c
		* test/mainwnd.c
		* minictrlsconfig.h
		* include/mpage.h
		* include/mtimer.h
		* include/mwidget.h
		* include/mctrls.h
		* include/mcomponent.h
		* include/mresmanager.h
		* include/minvisible-component.h
		* include/mitem.h
		* include/mobject.h
		* include/Makefile.am
		* configure.in
		* src/mspinbox.c
		* src/mcontainer.c
		* src/mwidget.c
		* src/mctrls.c
		* src/mprogressbar.c
		* src/mrect.c
		* src/mscroll_widget.c
		* src/mcomponent.c
		* src/mgroupbox.c
		* src/mcombobox.c
		* src/renderer/classic/classic_groupbox.c
		* src/renderer/classic/classic_combobox.c
		* src/renderer/classic/classic_checkbutton.c
		* src/renderer/classic/classic_propsheet.c
		* src/renderer/classic/classic_button.c
		* src/renderer/classic/classic_spinner.c
		* src/renderer/classic/classic_slider.c
		* src/renderer/classic/classic_spinbox.c
		* src/renderer/classic/classic_widget.c
		* src/renderer/classic/classic_static.c
		* src/renderer/classic/classic_trackbar.c
		* src/renderer/classic/classic_progressbar.c
		* src/renderer/classic/classic_radiobutton.c
		* src/renderer/skin/skin_button.c
		* src/renderer/skin/skin_spinner.c
		* src/renderer/skin/skin_spinbox.c
		* src/renderer/skin/skin_widget.c
		* src/renderer/skin/skin_combobox.c
		* src/renderer/skin/skin_progressbar.c
		* src/renderer/skin/skin_trackbar.c
		* src/mpropsheet.c
		* src/mslider.c
		* src/mimage.c
		* src/mlistbox.c
		* src/minvisible-component.c
		* src/mrdr.c
		* src/mstatic.c
		* src/mitem_manager.c
		* src/mbuttongroup.c
		* src/mtrackbar.c
		* src/mradiobutton.c
		* src/mmainwnd.c
		* src/mitem.c
		* src/mdialog.c
		* src/mpanel.c
		* src/mobject.c
		* src/mcheckbutton.c
		* src/Makefile.am
		* src/mbutton.c
		* src/mpage.c
		* src/mspinner.c
		* src/mtimer.c


03/12: Add the draw3dbox, drawItem, drawArrow, drawCheckbox, drawRadio support
in the mWidgetRenderer and classic render
	* include/miniWidget.h
	* include/miniSpinbox.h
	* include/miniRender.h
	* src/miniRender.c
	* src/miniCombobox.c
	* src/miniSpinbox.c
	* src/render/classic/classic_widget.c
	* src/render/classic/classic_combobox.c
	* src/render/classic/classic_propsheet.c
	* src/render/classic/classic_spinbox.c

03/06: Add the renderer support (dongjunjie)
	M    trunks/test/Makefile.am
	M    trunks/test/progressbar.c
	M    trunks/include/miniRender.h
	M    trunks/include/miniImage.h
	M    trunks/include/miniWidget.h
	M    trunks/include/miniStatic.h
	M    trunks/include/minicommon.h
	M    trunks/include/miniProgressBar.h
	M    trunks/include/miniRectangle.h
	M    trunks/include/miniCtrl.h
	M    trunks/include/miniCombobox.h
	M    trunks/src/render/classic/classic.c
	M    trunks/src/render/classic/classic_widget.c
	M    trunks/src/render/classic/Makefile.am
	M    trunks/src/render/classic/classic_combobox.c
	M    trunks/src/render/classic/classic_progressbar.c
	M    trunks/src/miniImage.c
	M    trunks/src/miniWidget.c
	M    trunks/src/miniStatic.c
	M    trunks/src/miniProgressBar.c
	M    trunks/src/miniDialog.c
	M    trunks/src/miniRectangle.c
	M    trunks/src/miniRender.c


03/05: Change for minictrls (dongjunjie)
	* Add the EVENT HANDER
	* change mCtrls -> ncs
	* add mMainWnd and mDialog

		* test/mainwnd.c
		* include/miniMainWnd.h
		* include/miniDialog.h
		* src/miniMainWnd.c
		* src/miniDialog.c
		* test/static.c
		* test/Makefile.am
		* test/progressbar.c
		* minictrlsconfig.h
		* include/miniRender.h
		* include/miniWidget.h
		* include/miniEdit.h
		* include/minicommon.h
		* include/miniPanel.h
		* include/miniScrollWidget.h
		* include/miniCtrl.h
		* include/Makefile.am
		* include/miniButton.h
		* configure.in
		* src/render/classic/classic.c
		* src/render/classic/classic_widget.c
		* src/miniImage.c
		* src/miniContainer.c
		* src/miniWidget.c
		* src/miniEdit.c
		* src/minicommon.c
		* src/miniProgressBar.c
		* src/miniPanel.c
		* src/minictrl.c
		* src/miniButton.c
		* src/Makefile.am
		* src/miniRender.c


02/24: Remove Some common code into minicommon.h (dongjunjie)
		* include/miniRender.h
		* include/miniWidget.h
		* include/minicommon.h
		* src/miniWidget.c
		* src/miniRender.c

02/24: Change the name of function, and Change the property frame(dongjunjie):
	* mCtrl -> mCtrls
	* Render -> Renderer
	* PropertyEntry removed, changed to setProperty and getProperty in
	mWidgetClass

		* include/miniRender.h
		* include/miniPanel.h
		* include/miniImage.h
		* include/miniScrollWidget.h
		* include/miniContainer.h
		* include/miniWidget.h
		* include/miniRectangle.h
		* include/miniStatic.h
		* include/minicommon.h
		* include/miniButton.h
		* src/render/classic/classic.c
		* src/render/classic/classic_widget.c
		* src/miniImage.c
		* src/miniWidget.c
		* src/miniStatic.c
		* src/minicommon.c
		* src/miniScrollWidget.c
		* src/miniRectangle.c
		* src/minictrl.c
		* src/miniRender.c


02/16: Add the Render support and doxygen support(dongjunjie)
		* minictrlsconfig.h
		* include/miniRender.h
		* src/render
		* src/render/classic
		* src/render/classic/classic.c
		* src/render/classic/classic_widget.c
		* src/render/classic/Makefile.am
		* src/render/skin
		* src/render/skin/Makefile.am
		* src/render/fashion
		* src/render/fashion/Makefile.am
		* src/render/Makefile.am
		* src/hashtable.h
		* src/hashtable.c
		* src/miniRender.c
		* Makefile.in
		* include/Makefile.in
		* include/miniWidget.h
		* include/Makefile.am
		* configure.in
		* src/Makefile.in
		* src/minictrl.c
		* src/Makefile.am
	

02/13: Upate the minictrl(dongjunjie)
	Add the property set support
	Add the Render support
	Add the PreMessageProcess support
	Change the WndProc of mClasses
	Change the Configure.in : add ctrlprefix and propname enable
	Add This ChangeLog

		* test/static.c
		* Makefile.in
		* include/Makefile.in
		* include/miniImage.h
		* include/miniWidget.h
		* include/miniCtrl.h
		* include/Makefile.am
		* include/miniStatic.h
		* include/miniImageStatic.h
		* configure.in
		* src/miniImage.c
		* src/miniWidget.c
		* src/Makefile.in
		* src/minictrl.c
		* src/miniStatic.c
		* src/miniImageStatic.c
		* src/Makefile.am
		* ChangeLog
		* autogen.sh
		* aclocal.m4
